--- PAGE_138 ---
물리, 화학, 생명과학, 지구과학
23
2026학년도 6월 모의평가 37번atewayG
주어진 글 다음에 이어질 글의 순서로 가장 적절한 것은?
A good example of chaos is the magnetic pendulum sold as an executive toy. It has 
four magnets arranged in a square at the base and a pendulum that swings back and 
forth between them.
(A)   In order to produce chaos , the iteration has to be within what is called a nonlinear 
system. Nor are all nonlinear systems chaotic : to become so they need to be pushed 
beyond a certain point , called a bifurcation. Before that point is reached they may 
behave in a quite orderly fashion.
(B)   Release the pendulum and note the magnets that it visits , and in what order. If the 
pendulum is released from the same position a second time , the pattern of movement 
may at first be the same but soon it will become completely different. In fact , the 
pattern of its movement is chaotic.
(C)   No matter how much care is taken to start the pendulum in the same position , it will 
visit an entirely different set of points on the two occasions. Chaotic systems are 
generated by iteration
, though not all iteration leads to chaos. 
 pendulum: 추(錘)  iteration: 반복  bifurcation: 분기(分岐)
① (A) － (C) － (B) ② (B) － (A) － (C) ③ (B) － (C) － (A)
④ (C) － (A) － (B) ⑤ (C) － (B) － (A)
 ≄ magnetic pendulum 자기 진자  ≄ executive 사무실(용)의   ≄ swing 흔들리다  
 ≄ back and forth 앞뒤로   ≄ nonlinear 비선형의   ≄ or derly 질서정연한  
 ≄ fashion 방식  ≄ generate 생성하다, 만들어 내다 
Words & Phrases in Use  
26005-0128 
138 2027학년도 EBS 수능특강 영어